This benchmark attempts to reproduce the results of Buiter et al. 2016:
  Benchmarking numerical models of brittle thrust wedges,
  Journal of Structural Geology, 92, 140-177, 
  http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jsg.2016.03.003.

More specifically, the provided input files aim to reproduce the numerical simulations 
of stable wedge experiment 1 illustrated in Figure 4-6 and unstable wedge experiment 2 
illustrated in Figure 8-11. The setups of these two experiments are shown in Figure 3a-b. 

Experiment 1 tests whether model wedges in the stable domain of critical wedge theory 
remain stable when translated horizontally. A quartz sand wedge with a horizontal base 
and a surface slope of 20 degrees is pushed horizontally by inward movement of a mobile 
wall at the right boundary with a velocity of 2.5 cm/hour.
  
[...]

Experiment 2 tests how an unstable subcritical wedge deforms to reach the critical taper 
solution. Horizontal layers of sand have 10 cm shortening by inward movement of a mobile 
wall with a velocity of 2.5 cm/hour. Both the base and the surface are horizontal and the 
“wedge” is thus in the unstable field. This experiment builds a thrust wedge through a 
combination of mainly in-sequence forward and backward thrusting. Deformation starts by 
forming a pop-up structure near the mobile wall. 

The strain (Figure 10a-b) and strain-rate (Figure 11) fields highlight several incipient 
shear zones that do not always accumulate enough offset to become visible in the material 
field (Figure 8-9). The pressure field of the models remains more or less lithostatic, 
with lower pressure values in (incipient) shear zones (Figure 10c-d).

In this benchmark, input files are provided for verifying that the model follows the 
analytical wedge theory. For the top boundary condition, zero traction and a sticky air 
layer is used to approximate a free surface. Additional testing revealed that using a true 
free surface leads to significant mesh distortion and associated numerical instabilities.
The material has a visco-plastic rheology. The plastic strain-weakening behaviour, with the 
internal angle of friction reducing between total finite strain invariant values of 0.5 and 
1.0, is prescribed to mimic the softening from peak to dynamic stable strength correlates 
with sand dilation.

In experiment 2, the model domain is 36 * 8 cm. The resolution in exp2_low_resolution.prm and
exp2_high_resolution.prm is 2 mm/cell and 0.5 mm/cell, respectively. More details about the model
setup are described in input files. 
